
Australia seizes record amount of methamphetamine ,  worth $1 . 1 billion
Last Friday ,  the Australian government said the local police forces had seized several sea freight containers with some A$1 . 6 billion  ( $1 . 1 billion )  worth of crystal meth ,  which had been concealed among marble stones .  It was believed to be the biggest ever haul of the banned substance in the country . 
Prior to the seizing of the big amount of drug over recent weeks hidden in marble stone slabs ,  the national security forces had also confiscated about 750 kg of methylamphetamine and arrested three men a week before ,  according to New South Wales  ( NSW )  state police . 
The detection of more than 1 , 800 kg of methylamphetamine ,  in containers arriving in Sydney port ,  showed the organizational capability of the gang is enormous in terms of volume and size ,  according to NSW Detective Chief Superintendent John Watson . 
All shipments originated in the Middle East region with the consignment details were reported to be identical ,  he added . 
With white little 'crystals' and a glass-like appearance ,  the 'ice drug' is known as one of the most potent varieties of amphetamine drugs . 
In a separate incident ,  four people had been charged with shipping about A$155 million worth of crystal meth and cocaine in the headlights of a vintage Bentley car from Canada ,  NSW police said . 
Finland's PM leaked her private videos
Last Thursday ,  Finland's PM Sanna Marin spoke she was upset about her dancing videos in a private space a few weeks ago going viral on social networks while they were only shared among her friends . 
Her speech came after her two-minute video of singing and dancing with some well-known influencers and artists on social media as well as in national media a day before . 
The clips were known to have been originally uploaded to a private Instagram account .  The 36-year-old PM is the world's youngest senior leader after being elected to the chair of Finland’s PM in December 2019 .  Marin said she knew she was being filmed by that time but never thought the private videos would appear publicly . 
Meanwhile ,  there are many Finns who have voiced support for Marin for combining her private life with her own high-profile career . 
However ,  many expressed that although the young leader could have acted in good faith ,  should not be gullible ,  according to a paper . 
The video was compiled of clips from two separate parties in which people were drinking alcohol but no one took drugs ,  she said . 
The scenes are believed to have been publicly filmed about 12 months before Finland’s next general election took place .  It has been unknown who leaked the videos . 
Early this year ,  Marin told she and other senior female leaders have been also attacked with extensive hate words for their gender as well as appearance while in office . 
Walking High Above on Vietnam’s ‘Golden Bridge’
In the mountains of central Vietnam ,  two huge hands lift a golden walkway high above the mountaintops .  It is as if the ground below has taken a human form and grown arms .  “I feel like I’m walking on clouds , ” said Vuong Thuy Linh ,  a visitor from Hanoi .  “It’s so unique” . 
Many Vietnamese and foreign tourists have been to Cau Vang ,  or the “Golden Bridge” in Vietnam’s Ba Na Hills ,  since it opened in June .  Most seemed very excited to see and experience a structure known for its unusual design . 
The walkway sits at over 1 , 000 meters above sea level and extends over the treetops from the edge of a leafy cliff .  It offers visitors a clear ,  unrestricted view of the beautiful countryside below . 
The bridge was a project of TA Landscape Architecture of Ho Chi Minh City .  It was designed to create the image of the “giant hands of Gods ,  pulling a strip of gold out of the land , ” said Vu Viet Anh of TA Landscape Architecture . 
“It creates a walkway in the sky ,  among the foggy and fairy-like lands of Ba Na mountain , ” he told the Reuters news agency . 
Anh noted that he had been surprised at the level of attention the company’s design had received ,  both locally and internationally . 
Apple set to add Vietnamese to Siri
Apple has placed an advertisement for a Vietnamese language specialist for its virtual assistant Siri team . 
According to the LinkedIn job post ,  the person will be based at Ang Mo Kio in Singapore .  The 15 key qualifications applicants are required include reading ,  writing and comprehension skills in both English and Vietnamese ,  understanding verbal nuances in Vietnamese ,  and having an understanding of the Asia-Pacific region and cultural variations where the language is spoken . 
According to analysts ,  the company might be seeking to develop Siri in the Vietnamese market .  Siri currently supports 37 languages ,  but not Vietnamese . 
An aggregator of Apple-related rumors and reports on the web ,  Apple is also looking for Ukrainian ,  Hungarian ,  Slovak ,  Czech ,  Croatian ,  Greek ,  Flemish ,  Romanian ,  Polish ,  and Indonesian language specialists ,  according to MacRumors forum . 
If successful ,  it is possible these languages will be added to Siri in the iOS 15 update . 
Apple has gone on a hiring spree in Vietnam since the beginning of 2020 . 
Indonesia :  A ban on cough syrup material linked to a West African country's child deaths
Last weekend ,  the Indonesian authorities launched a ban on ingredients linked to cough syrups that were believed to cause the deaths of 70 children in the West African country of Gambia .  The move came after the launch of a governmental investigation over acute kidney damage that was blamed for more than 20 children deaths in the capital Jakarta this year . 
Meanwhile ,  according to an announcement by Food and drug regulator BPOM ,  the possibility that the ingredients ,  diethylene glycol ,  and ethylene glycol have been reviewed in an investigation into how they had contaminated other materials that are used as solvents . 
Besides ,  the Gambian and Indian governments have also launched investigations over the deaths from the local cases of acute kidney injury that were said to be linked to cough syrups made by Maiden Pharmaceuticals Ltd ,  headquartered in New Delhi ,  India . 
In a study by The World Health Organization ,   " unacceptable "  levels of the ingredients were found in four Maiden products which can be toxic . 
To protect the health ,  at the time of registration ,  BPOM required that diethylene glycol  ( DEG )  and ethylene glycol  ( EG )  are not allowed to be present in all medicinal syrup products for children and adults ,  in a statement by the regulator . 
Accordingly ,  the four products linked to the mentioned deaths are not registered in Indonesia ,  the regulator reiterated ,  nor are any other Maiden products . 
Black diamond ,  the largest ever cut ,  sells for £3 . 2 million
Yesterday ,  a rare black diamond at 555 carats named “The Enigma "  went under the hammer in Britain’s London for £3 . 16 million  ( $4 . 3 million ,  3 . 8 million euros )  .  The world's largest known cut diamond has recently gone on display for the first time . 
It is known that the 55-faced diamond ,  or carbonado ,  had been created by a meteorite or an asteroid that hit the Earth around 2 . 6 billion years ago . 
The 555 . 55-carat diamond worth £3 . 16 million excluded the buyer's premium at an online auction of London's renowned Sotheby's auction house that also accepted crypto-currency bids . 
Carbonados are said to have extraterrestrial origins because they are usually found close to the surface of the Earth . 
The specific type of black diamond was formed from meteoric impacts that produce natural chemical vapor deposition .  Carbonado ,  one of the most difficult substances to cut ,  is also thought to be created from supernovae explosions ,  the root of diamond-bearing asteroids which collided with the Earth ultimately ,  according to the auction house . 
Previously ,  the 55-faced diamond had never been displayed by its unnamed owner over the past 20 years . 
It took three years to turn the Carbonado into a 55-face jewel which recently went on show in some venues ,  including Dubai ,  Los Angeles ,  and London ,  said experts . 
The shape of “The Enigma "  was inspired by the Hamsa ,  the Middle East palm-shaped symbol of power and protection while its faces are also related to the number five . 
It is the size ,  shape ,  and source of the black diamond that makes it groundbreaking and amazing ,  according to Tobias Kormind ,  managing director of Europe's largest online jeweler ,  Mayfair . 
He also added that diamonds are commonly cut into one of 10 popular shapes but the Carbonado's form resembles a hand . 
Despite not being a gem-quality diamond or not being normally used in jewelry or sold at auction ,  “The Enigma” ,  which Sotheby's called a  " cosmic wonder "  ,   has recently grown in popularity . 
Carbonados are commonly used in industrial drilling because of their extraordinary hardness . 
In 2021 ,  the Key 10138 diamond of Hong Kong worth 12 . 3 million dollars was also paid in crypto-currency . 
Hanoi students back to school next Tuesday
Over two million students in Hanoi would return to school on March 2 ,  about an extended one-month Tet break ,  and taking part in online classes due to Covid-19 . 
Students from kindergarten to high school levels would return to school on March 2 ,  while those from vocational schools would return on March 8 .  University student schedules would be determined by the schools themselves ,  though the National Steering Committee for Covid-19 Prevention and Control recommended they reopen starting March 15 to ensure social distancing measures ,  the municipal People's Committee said yesterday . 
Previously ,  Hanoi students started staying home on Feb .  1 ,  about a week earlier than the expected beginning of the Tet break due to new latest outbreak .  After the one-week holiday ,  they continued to study online . 
When students are back to school ,  parents need to take their children's body temperatures at home ,  prepare them masks and personal items so they would not have to share them with classmates to avoid infection ,  city authorities said .  Schools are required to regularly disinfect areas ,  especially those being constantly touched ,  and vehicles used to carry students . 
The capital has not recorded any community transmission for nearly two weeks .  Hanoi still has two locations under lockdown :  the Somerset hotel in Tay Ho District and a neighborhood with five families in Me Linh District .  Their lockdown would be lifted today . 
Vietnam has confirmed 2 , 426 Covid-19 infections so far ,  548 still active . 
Vietnam ranks 105th in economic freedom index
Vietnam’s economic freedom score is 58 . 8 ,  making its economy the 105th freest among 180 countries and territories in the 2020 Index of Economic Freedom by the U . S . -based Heritage Foundation . 
The research and educational institution said in the report that Vietnam’s overall score has increased by 3 . 5 points due to a dramatic gain in fiscal health . 
The Southeast Asian nation is ranked 21st among 42 countries in the Asia-Pacific region ,  and its overall score is slightly below the regional and world averages . 
The Vietnamese economy has gradually been climbing the ranks of the mostly unfree since 2011 .  Strong gross domestic product  ( GDP )  growth over the past five years has mirrored this improvement ,  driven by export-focused manufacturing and processing sectors . 
Economic freedom will be enhanced in Vietnam if the Government can successfully expand economic liberalization by promoting international trade and restructuring State-owned enterprises . 
Microsoft investigated Bill Gates' affair before he quit
Microsoft was investigating its co-founder Bill Gates over a 20-year-old affair shortly before he stepped down from the company's board last year . 
The tech giant confirmed that it had launched a probe after concerns were reported about his behavior . 
The firm said it held an investigation with a law firm and provided support to the employee who made the complaint . 
A spokesperson for Mr .  Gates denied that his decision to step back had anything to do with the investigation . 
News of the investigation emerged after Bill and Melinda Gates announced their decision to divorce after 27 years of marriage . 
On Monday ,  a spokesman for Microsoft said the software company had received a complaint in late 2019 that Mr .  Gates had  " initiate an intimate relationship "  with a female employee in 2000 . 
The investigation did not reach a conclusion ,  as Mr .  Gates stepped down from the board before it was completed . 
Bill and Melinda Gates agreed 'separation contract' before announcing divorce . 
In a LinkedIn post in March of last year ,  Mr .  Gates said that he took the decision so he could spend more time on his charity work with the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation . 
At the time ,  he wrote :   " With respect to Microsoft ,  stepping down from the board in no way means stepping away from the company .  Microsoft will always be an important part of my life's work .  .  .  I feel more optimistic than ever about the progress the company is making and how it can continue to benefit the world .  " 
However ,  the Wall Street Journal reported on Sunday that Microsoft's board had decided that Mr .  Gates's involvement with a female employee was inappropriate and he needed to step down . 
However ,  Gates’ spokeswoman  " Bill's decision to transition off the board was in no way related to this matter .  In fact ,  he had expressed an interest in spending more time on his philanthropy starting several years earlier .  " 
Bill and Melinda Gates announced their decision to divorce earlier this month .  The couple have spent billions on charitable causes around the world and have pledged to continue to work together at the foundation once their divorce is finalized . 
US media reported that the two had agreed on how to divide their property and assets before announcing their separation . 
Mr .  Gates ,  65 ,  is the fourth wealthiest person in the world ,  according to Forbes ,  and is worth $124bn  ( £89bn )  . 
He co-founded Microsoft - now the world's biggest software company - in the 1970s and remained full-time at the firm until 2008 . 
The couple's estate is believed to include multi-million dollar properties in the states of Washington ,  Florida ,  and Wyoming .  Their main residence is a lakeside mansion in Medina ,  Washington that is reported to be worth at least $127m . 
Samsung to shift major portion of monitor production from China to HCMC
Samsung Vina Electronics announced on June 19 that a major portion of Samsung’s monitor production would be shifted from China to the Samsung HCMC CE Complex at the Saigon Hi-tech Park in District 9 ,  HCMC ,  this year . 
The South Korean tech giant is developing a production chain for over 40 monitor models at its factory in HCMC .  Once the shift is complete ,  Vietnam will become one of the largest suppliers of Samsung monitors in the world ,  according to Tuoi Tre newspaper . 
A Samsung representative said the shift will help Vietnamese consumers become the first to use the company’s latest monitors ,  while the country will also help Samsung monitors increase their market presence in Southeast Asia . 
Data from global market intelligence firm IDC indicated that Samsung is the leading producer of monitors in Vietnam ,  with Samsung monitors of 24 inches or larger accounting for 34% of the Vietnamese market in the first quarter of 2020 . 
US Vice President is set to visit Vietnam and Singapore this month
Kamala Harris will become the first US vice president to visit Vietnam in August during her trip that will also include Singapore . 
Her trip to the two Southeast Asian countries this month is to reinforce global partnerships .  The US vice president will engage the leaders of both Vietnam and Singapore on issues of mutual interest ,  including regional security ,  the global response to the coronavirus epidemic ,  and climate change ,  Harris' communications director Symone Sanders said . 
Vietnam has received five million COVID-19 vaccine doses from the United States in a bid to fighting the global pandemic while 75 % of Singapore's population has been inoculated at least one dose . 
A good portion of Harris’ trip will likely concentrate on the importance of US partnerships in the region as the Biden administration’s focus on its ties in Asia . 
President Biden has repeatedly spoken about the need to counter China's expanding influence in the Asia-Pacific region and boost democracy in the Indo-Pacific region .  This week ,  Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin is on an Asia swing of his own ,  newswire The Hill reported ,  meeting with leaders in Vietnam and the Philippines . 
Harvest season of Vanh Khuyen persimmons in northern highlands
The Vanh Khuyen persimmons are native to the district bordering China .  Cultivated on steep hills and mountains in Vietnam’s northern highlands ,  the persimmon trees need careful in combination with regular weeding . 
Local farmers usually use a long bamboo stick with a cloth bag at one end to harvest the persimmons . 
The persimmons are harvested at 5 a . m .  in order to keep the overnight freshness of the fruits .    Most of these persmisson trees are grown from root-cuttings ,  not from seeds or branches .  Strong trees’ fruits can be harvested after three years ,  with output reaching their maximum in the fifth year . 
According to local farmers ,  the distinguishing feature of Vanh Khuyen persimmons is a full blossom-like sepal with round fruits ,  no seeds ,  and a crunchy ,  sweet taste .  As the fruits are ripe ,  the sepal would appear more defined . 
Harvesting takes a lot of time ,  so usually gather the fruits by some tree stumps to take a break before taking them down to sell . 
Good persimmons have gleaming skins with a chartreuse shade ,  a crispy texture ,  and a gentle sweet taste ,  a farmer said
I love you
The science behind a climate headline
In 4 minutes  ,  atmospheric chemist Rachel Pike provides a glimpse of the massive scientific effort behind the bold headlines on climate change  ,  with her team -- one of thousands who contributed -- taking a risky flight over the rainforest in pursuit of data on a key molecule  . 
Headlines that look like this when they have to do with climate change  ,  and headlines that look like this when they have to do with air quality or smog  . 
They are both two branches of the same field of atmospheric science  . 
Recently the headlines looked like this when the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change  ,  or IPCC  ,  put out their report on the state of understanding of the atmospheric system  . 
They wrote almost a thousand pages on the topic  . 
And every one of those scientists is in a research group  ,  and every research group studies a wide variety of topics  . 
And in each one of these research areas  ,  of which there are even more  ,  there are PhD students  ,  like me  ,  and we study incredibly narrow topics  ,  things as narrow as a few processes or a few molecules  . 
The weight of a paper clip is approximately equal to 900 zeta-illion -- 10 to the 21st -- molecules of isoprene  . 
This is the EUPHORE Smog Chamber in Spain  . 
But still  ,  we look at the pieces  . 
Our models have hundreds of thousands of grid boxes calculating hundreds of variables each  ,  on minute timescales  . 
I recently joined a field campaign in Malaysia  .  There are others  . 
This is the tower in the middle of the rainforest  ,  from above  . 
And on part of that field campaign we even brought an aircraft with us  . 
So maybe you took a similar aircraft to get here today  . 
We have to fly at a special incline in order to make the measurements  . 
We have to get special flight clearance  . 
And when one student like me has some sort of inclination or understanding about that molecule  ,  they write one scientific paper on the subject  . 
And as a body of knowledge builds up  ,  it will form one subsection  ,  or one sub-subsection of an assessment like the IPCC  ,  although we have others  . 
So you can imagine the scale of the effort  . 
And we hand that summary to journalists and policy makers  ,  in order to make headlines like these  . 
You can program the hundreds of muscles in your arm  . 
Well  ,  coming out of the research labs just now  ,  for our generation  ,  is the possibility to do that  . 
You had to take a spaceship  ,  shrink it down  ,  inject it into the bloodstream  . 
You could be attacked by white blood cells in the arteries  . 
He can look at these 65 , 000 points of activation per second  . 
We all know that as we form thoughts  ,  they form deep channels in our minds and in our brains  . 
So put your arms back up and flex your bicep  . 
You will be able to look at all the aspects that make you yourself  ,  all your experiences  . 
But I want to leave with you the big question  . 
Where will we take it ?
From mother to daughter  ,  preacher to congregant  ,  teacher to pupil  ,  storyteller to audience  . 
We are inveterate storytellers  . 
And what narrative  ,  what history  ,  what identity  ,  what moral code are we imparting to our young ?
Its artists told stories across national boundaries  ,  in as many languages  ,  genres and philosophies as one can imagine  . 
What was common to us all 40 years ago -- the telling of stories between generations -- is now rarified  . 
As a human being  ,  it puts the fear of God in me  . 
The irony is palpable ; technical access has never been greater  ,  cultural access never weaker  . 
If we could raid the annals of 100 years of film  ,  maybe we could build a narrative that would deliver meaning to the fragmented and restless world of the young  . 
In the first nine months we ran 25 clubs across the U . K .   ,  with kids in age groups between five and 18 watching a film uninterrupted for 90 minutes  . 
It was an education of the most profound and transformative kind  . 
By the time the pilot had finished  ,  we had the names of a thousand schools that wished to join  . 
Technology then meant we had to hire a viewing cinema  ,  find and pay for the print and the projectionist  . 
It shows how to do right  ,  how to be heroically awkward  . 
It provoked tears as well as incisive questions about unarmed peace-keeping forces and the double-dealing of a Western society that picks its moral fights with commodities in mind  . 
As they watch more films their lives got palpably richer  . 
By now  ,  these thoughtful  ,  opinionated  ,  curious young people thought nothing of tackling films of all forms -- black and white  ,  subtitled  ,  documentary  ,  non-narrative  ,  fantasy -- and thought nothing of writing detailed reviews that competed to favor one film over another in passionate and increasingly sophisticated prose  . 
From 25 clubs  ,  we became hundreds  ,  then thousands  ,  until we were nearly a quarter of a million kids in 7 , 000 clubs right across the country  . 
Some of our kids started talking with their parents  ,  others with their teachers  ,  or with their friends  . 
The films provided communality across all manner of divide  . 
What would they do under the same conditions ?
Was there a hidden message ?
And as they wrote and debated  ,  rather than seeing the films as artifacts  ,  they began to see themselves  . 
In a moment she can invoke images of running barefoot on Table Mountain and playing cops and robbers  . 
When the sailors mutinied at sea in a demand for humane conditions  ,  it was these teenagers that fed the crew  . 
He never mentioned that journey  . 
After two years in hiding  ,  my grandfather appeared in London  . 
And his story was hushed as he assimilated  . 
We honor reading  ,  why not honor watching with the same passion ?
They are neither feral nor myopically self-absorbed  . 
We appeared surprised at the behaviors of those who define themselves by the size of the tick on their shoes  ,  yet acquisition has been the narrative we have offered  . 
Ellen Jorgensen  :  Biohacking -- you can do it  ,  too
It has the power  ,  potentially  ,  to replace our fossil fuels  ,  to revolutionize medicine  ,  and to touch every aspect of our daily lives  . 
In 2009  ,  I first heard about DIYbio  . 
The idea is that if you open up the science and you allow diverse groups to participate  ,  it could really stimulate innovation  . 
I thought so  . 
The press started calling us  . 
They were opening biohacker spaces  ,  and some of them were facing much greater challenges than we did  ,  more regulations  ,  less resources  . 
Biohackers work alone  . 
We reverse engineer lab equipment  . 
We hack hardware  ,  software  ,  wetware  ,  and  ,  of course  ,  the code of life  . 
Then we like to take things apart  . 
We make things glow  . 
Any powerful technology is inherently dual use  ,  and  ,  you know  ,  you get something like synthetic biology  ,  nanobiotechnology  ,  it really compels you  ,  you have to look at both the amateur groups but also the professional groups  ,  because they have better infrastructure  ,  they have better facilities  ,  and they have access to pathogens  . 
As a matter of fact  ,  DIY people from all over the world  ,  America  ,  Europe  ,  got together last year  ,  and we hammered out a common code of ethics  . 
Now  ,  we follow state and local regulations  . 
The one I liked the best is  ,  someone could download my sequence  ,  go back to the lab  ,  synthesize some fake Ellen DNA  ,  and plant it at a crime scene  . 
So this stuff is just beginning  . 
Let me show you what you could do right now  . 
Yep  ,  you guessed it  .  He threw tennis balls to all the neighborhood dogs  ,  analyzed the saliva  ,  identified the dog  ,  and confronted the dog owner  . 
Looked like a ladybug  ,  right ?
You can make a biocensor out of yeast to detect pollutants in water  . 
You can do a lot of things  . 
I could have a perfectly good career in mainstream science  . 
Why not personal biotech ?
That was whistling  . 
What is a chubby  ,  curly-haired guy from Holland -- why is he whistling ?
And actually  ,  till I was 34  ,  I always annoyed and irritated people with whistling  ,  because  ,  to be honest  ,  my whistling is a kind of deviant behavior  . 
And they had some  ,  in my opinion  ,  terrible Christmas music  . 
I would love to  ,  but why ?
She Googled  ,  and she found this World Whistling Championship in America  ,  of course  . 
And I would have lost my face  . 
But the Dutch people here will understand what I mean  . 
So I went to Louisburg  ,  North Carolina  ,  southeast United States  ,  and I entered the world of whistling  . 
So I quit my day job as a nurse  . 
Well actually  ,  you are going to whistle along  . 
Sorry  .  I forgot one thing  . 
I heard a wide variety of tones  . 
This is very promising  . 
I start it myself  . 
Okay  . 
Now comes the solo  .  I propose I do that myself  . 
Geert Chatrou  :  Thank you  .  Thank you  . 
But in the end everything seemed to be under control  . 
He got the right Apgar index  . 
But at the end  ,  10 days later after he was born  ,  we discovered that he had a stroke  . 
A perinatal stroke could be something that can happen during the nine months of pregnancy or just suddenly after the birth  ,  and in his case  ,  as you can see  ,  the right part of his brain has gone  . 
So life had to change  . 
We needed to change the impact that this birth had on our life  . 
Nobody taught us how to deal with such kinds of disabilities  ,  and as many questions as possible started to come to our minds  . 
Questions  ,  some basics  ,  like  ,  you know  ,  why did this happen to us ?
Will he be able to be normal ?
And this  ,  indeed  ,  really is tough to say  ,  but a few months later  ,  we realized that we were really feeling like a failure  . 
And you know  ,  it was not a failure for ourselves in itself  ,  but it was a failure that will impact his full life  . 
I mean we went really down  ,  but at the end  ,  we started to look at him  ,  and we said  ,  we have to react  . 
We started physiotherapy  ,  we started the rehabilitation  ,  and one of the paths that we were following in terms of rehabilitation is the mirror neurons pilot  . 
You have an object  ,  and we showed him how to grab the object  . 
It looks like this is the leading edge in terms of rehabilitation  . 
He was looking at us  . 
And the problem  ,  as you might feel  ,  is that we were down  ,  we were depressed  ,  we were looking at him as a problem  ,  not as a son  ,  not from a positive perspective  . 
We realized that we had to become a better mirror for Mario  . 
We stopped looking at him as a problem  ,  and we started to look at him as an opportunity to improve  . 
And we started from our passions  . 
We love to travel  ,  we love music  ,  we love to be in places like this  ,  and we started to bring Mario with us just to show to him the best things that we can show to him  . 
And this is the message that we want to share with you  . 
Mario !
And we thank you so much  ,  all of you  . 
Thank you  . 
Mark Shaw demos Ultra-Ever Dry  ,  a liquid-repellent coating that acts as an astonishingly powerful shield against water and water-based materials  .  At the nano level  ,  the spray covers a surface with an umbrella of air so that water bounces right off  .  Watch for an exciting two-minute kicker  . 
Not anymore  . 
A windshield coating is going to give you about 110 degrees  . 
You can see the difference  . 
Well  ,  the surface of the spray coating is actually filled with nanoparticles that form a very rough and craggly surface  . 
And it has billions of interstitial spaces  ,  and those spaces  ,  along with the nanoparticles  ,  reach up and grab the air molecules  ,  and cover the surface with air  . 
I mean  ,  many of you right now are probably going through your head  . 
No water  ,  no corrosion  . 
So imagine how something like this could help revolutionize your field of work  . 
And my interest in irrational behavior started many years ago in the hospital  . 
The nurses in my department thought that the right approach was the ripping one  ,  so they would grab hold and they would rip  ,  and they would grab hold and they would rip  . 
And as you can imagine  ,  I hated that moment of ripping with incredible intensity  . 
And about three years later  ,  when I left the hospital  ,  I started studying at the university  . 
And I would crunch it for long periods and short periods  ,  and pain that went up and pain that went down  ,  and with breaks and without breaks -- all kinds of versions of pain  . 
Or  ,  if you had to choose between the last two  ,  which one would you choose ?
And then  ,  like all good academic projects  ,  I got more funding  . 
But at the end of this process  ,  what I learned was that the nurses were wrong  . 
And it also turns out that it would have been good to give me breaks in the middle to kind of recuperate from the pain  . 
And from that point on I started thinking  ,  are the nurses the only people in the world who get things wrong in this particular decision  ,  or is it a more general case ?
And I want to give you one example of one of these irrationalities  ,  and I want to talk to you about cheating  . 
So  ,  my interest in cheating started when Enron came on the scene  ,  exploded all of a sudden  ,  and I started thinking about what is happening here  . 
So  ,  like we usually do  ,  I decided to do a simple experiment  . 
People did this  .  I would pay people four dollars for their task -- on average people would solve four problems  . 
I would pass their sheet of paper  . 
Now  ,  in economic theory  ,  cheating is a very simple cost-benefit analysis  . 
How much do I stand to gain from cheating ?
For some people  ,  we varied how much money they could get away with -- how much money they could steal  . 
What about the probability of being caught ?
Some people shredded the whole sheet of paper  . 
You would expect that as the probability of being caught goes down  ,  people would cheat more  ,  but again  ,  this was not the case  . 
Now  ,  how would you test a personal fudge factor ?
Turns out the people who tried to recall The Ten Commandments -- and in our sample nobody could recall all of The Ten Commandments -- but those people who tried to recall The Ten Commandments  ,  given the opportunity to cheat  ,  did not cheat at all  . 
The moment people thought about trying to recall The Ten Commandments  ,  they stopped cheating  . 
Then they shredded it  .  No cheating whatsoever  . 
So  ,  all this was about decreasing the fudge factor  . 
No bill ever disappeared  . 
A third of the people we passed the sheet  ,  they gave it back to us  . 
And then they took the something else  ,  they walked 12 feet to the side  ,  and exchanged it for dollars  . 
How bad would you feel about taking a pencil from work home  ,  compared to how bad would you feel about taking 10 cents from a petty cash box ?
People see each other behaving  . 
What does this cause us ?
We got a big group of students to be in the experiment  ,  and we prepaid them  . 
The same thing happens  . 
Nobody knew it was an actor  . 
What would happen to the other people in the group ?
Here is what happens  . 
Here is the thing  . 
When the actor who was getting up was a Carnegie Mellon student -- he was actually a Carnegie Mellon student -- but he was a part of their group  ,  cheating went up  . 
It was about the norms for cheating  . 
When we remind people about their morality  ,  they cheat less  . 
What happens in a situation when you create something where you pay people a lot of money to see reality in a slightly distorted way ?
Of course they would  . 
You call them stock  ,  or stock options  ,  derivatives  ,  mortgage-backed securities  . 
And what happens to the social environment when people see other people behave around them ?
More generally  ,  I want to tell you something about behavioral economics  . 
The question is  ,  are we going to test those intuitions ?
And the difficulty of testing our intuition was the big lesson I learned when I went back to the nurses to talk to them  . 
And I learned two interesting things  . 
Thank you very much  . 
Okay  ,  so most people are familiar with traditional  ,  two-person thumb-wrestling  . 
There are a billion gamers on the planet now  ,  so we need more of a challenge  . 
So Eric  ,  come on over  . 
So Eric would have won  .  He was the first person to pin my thumb  . 
We can really go for it  . 
Now the only other rule you need to remember is  ,  gamer generation  ,  we like a challenge  . 
So I think we should kind of get some more involved  . 
Perfect  . 
So this is the kind of simple level  ,  right ?
This is called the Death Star Configuration  . 
This is the hardest level  .  This is the extreme  . 
Thirty seconds  .  Into the network  .  Make the node  . 
Everybody  ,  up up up up up !
All right  . 
If you have a free thumb  ,  wave it around  ,  make sure it gets connected  . 
Reach behind you  .  There you go  . 
Okay ? One  ,  two  ,  three  ,  go !
Well done  .  Thank you  .  Thank you very much  . 
So I provoked a little curiosity  . 
How about surprise ? The actual feeling of trying to wrestle two thumbs at once is pretty surprising  . 
We had some contentment  . 
The most important three emotions  ,  awe and wonder  ,  we had everybody connected physically for a minute  . 
And the last emotion of pride  . 
You lost both your thumbs  . 
Now you know how to play it  .  You can teach other people  . 
According to the official rules of massively multiplayer thumb-wrestling  ,  this makes you a grandmaster of the game  . 
So congratulations  ,  grandmasters  . 
Did anybody win both their thumbs ?
Get ready to update your Twitter or Facebook status  . 
I will just leave you with this tip  ,  if you want to play again  . 
Pick off the one that looks easiest  . 
Focus on that one and do something crazy with this arm  . 
Everybody is thrown off  .  You go in for the kill  . 
As his career grew  ,  David Byrne went from playing CBGB to Carnegie Hall  .  He asks  :  Does the venue make the music ? From outdoor drumming to Wagnerian operas to arena rock  ,  he explores how context has pushed musical innovation  . 
It was  ,  remarkably  ,  a pretty good sounding room  . 
This is a song that was recorded there  . 
The sound system was kind of decent  . 
So the rhythms could be pretty intact too  ,  pretty concise  . 
The clientele behavior was very much the same too  . 
Do I have a place  ,  a venue  ,  in mind when I write ?
Do we all make things with a venue  ,  a context  ,  in mind ?
Most of the popular music that we know now has a big part of its roots in West Africa  . 
The music works perfectly in that setting  . 
The instruments are loud enough that they can be heard without amplification  ,  etc  .   ,  etc  . 
In a gothic cathedral  ,  this kind of music is perfect  . 
It actually improves it  . 
This is a little bit later  . 
It fits the room perfectly  . 
And well  ,  that was an opera experience  . 
And the size of the room is not that big  . 
But Wagner made an innovation  . 
He wanted a little more bombast  ,  so he increased the size of the orchestra pit so he could get more low-end instruments in there  . 
This is Carnegie Hall  . 
They had to be very quiet  . 
But because of the reverberation in those rooms like Carnegie Hall  ,  the music had to be maybe a little less rhythmic and a little more textural  . 
According to Scott Joplin  ,  the bands were playing on riverboats and clubs  . 
And a new form of music was born  . 
People are dancing  ,  shouting and drinking  . 
It changes about a third of the way into the 20th century  ,  when this became one of the primary venues for music  . 
Microphones enabled singers  ,  in particular  ,  and musicians and composers  ,  to completely change the kind of music that they were writing  . 
And this kind of thing would have been impossible without a microphone  . 
So at this point  ,  music diverged  . 
And  ,  as with jazz  ,  the dancers liked certain sections more than they did others  . 
The MC would improvise lyrics in the same way that the jazz players would improvise melodies  . 
Live performance  ,  when it was incredibly successful  ,  ended up in what is probably  ,  acoustically  ,  the worst sounding venues on the planet  :  sports stadiums  ,  basketball arenas and hockey arenas  . 
They wrote what is now called arena rock  ,  which is medium-speed ballads  . 
The tempos are medium  .  It sounds big  . 
The music that  ,  I would say  ,  is written for automobile sound systems works perfectly on it  . 
Automobile music  ,  you can share with your friends  . 
Presumably  ,  this is just for Christian music  . 
And does it happen anywhere else ?
The tananger on the East Coast of the United States  ,  where the forests are a little denser  ,  has one kind of call  ,  and the tananger on the other side  ,  on the west has a different kind of call  . 
And I thought  :  Well  ,  if this is a model for creation  ,  if we make music  ,  primarily the form at least  ,  to fit these contexts  ,  and if we make art to fit gallery walls or museum walls  ,  and if we write software to fit existing operating systems  ,  is that how it works ?
This is a reverse view of things from the kind of traditional Romantic view  . 
But this conflict of views is kind of interesting  . 
We adapt  . 
And like the birds  ,  the joy is still there  ,  even though we have changed what we do to fit the context  . 
Kevin Breel  :  Confessions of a depressed comic
And in the life that everyone sees  ,  who I am is a friend  ,  a son  ,  a brother  ,  a stand-up comedian and a teenager  . 
Real depression is being sad when everything in your life is going right  . 
I came this close to doing it  . 
Well  ,  I survived  ,  and that just leaves me with my story  ,  and my story is this  :  In four simple words  ,  I suffer from depression  . 
Some people might fear sharks  .  Some people might fear death  . 
I feared my truth  ,  I feared my honesty  ,  I feared my vulnerability  ,  and that fear made me feel like I was forced into a corner  ,  like I was forced into a corner and there was only one way out  ,  and so I thought about that way every single day  . 
The first step in solving any problem is recognizing there is one  . 
It has to start with me  ,  it has to start with you  ,  it has to start with the people who are suffering  ,  the ones who are hidden in the shadows  . 
And I believe that we can  . 
This is a dream come true  .  Thank you  . 
On March 14  ,  this year  ,  I posted this poster on Facebook  . 
I will try to explain to you about the context of why and when I posted  . 
We have this war with Iran coming for 10 years now  ,  and we have people  ,  you know  ,  afraid  . 
And now people from Iran are talking to me  . 
People are crying  ,  and she came  ,  she read the text  ,  and she started to cry  . 
So I &apos;m going to shoot all the people I know  ,  if they want  ,  and I &apos;m going to put them in a poster and I &apos;m going to share them  . 
So here are a few of them  . 
The day after  ,  Iranians started to respond with their own posters  . 
Crazy  ,  crazy  . 
They want to respond  .  They want to say the same thing  . 
And it became really big at some point  . 
Something crazy also happened  . 
You have Lebanon that just -- a few days ago  . 
And for a few days you got those images  . 
They see images of us  ,  and they see bad images  . 
Look at this one  .  This is the Iran-Loves-Israel page  . 
This is a guy in Tehran on the day of remembrance of the Israeli fallen soldier putting an image of an Israeli soldier on his page  . 
What ?
And you become friends  . 
You can go and travel and meet people  . 
And that was the end of it  . 
At some point we met in real life  ,  and we became friends  . 
Crazy  ,  yes ?
I know how it can look really bad  . 
And really  ,  we can be our own ambassadors  . 
Oh my God  . 
Thank you guys  . 
Life Magazine helped in this effort by announcing the introduction of throwaways that would liberate the housewife from the drudgery of doing dishes  . 
A teacher told me how to express the under-five-percent of plastics recovered in our waste stream  . 
Plastic is not purified by the re-melting process like glass and metal  . 
Here is the accumulation at Biona Creek next to the L . A .  airport  . 
In spite of deposit fees  ,  much of this trash leading out to the sea will be plastic beverage bottles  . 
Here is a remote island repository for bottles off the coast of Baja California  . 
Notice that the bottles here have caps on them  . 
Also  ,  the caps are produced in separate factories from a different plastic  ,  polypropylene  . 
After ten years  ,  a lot of the Japanese caps are in what we call the Eastern Garbage Patch  ,  while ours litter the Philippines  . 
It so happens that millions of albatross nesting on Kure and Midway atolls in the Northwest Hawaiian Islands National Monument forage here and scavenge whatever they can find for regurgitation to their chicks  . 
Hundreds of thousands of the goose-sized chicks are dying with stomachs full of bottle caps and other rubbish  ,  like cigarette lighters  .  .  . 
Sadly  ,  their parents mistake bottle caps for food tossing about in the ocean surface  . 
I got plenty of takers  . 
I thought I would spend 20 bucks  . 
I separated them by color and put them on display the next Earth Day at Cabrillo Marine Aquarium in San Pedro  . 
And this  . 
And this particular beach is Kailua Beach  ,  the beach where our president and his family vacationed before moving to Washington  . 
We sort the plastic fragments into different size classes  ,  from five millimeters to one-third of a millimeter  . 
We wanted to see if the most common fish in the deep ocean  ,  at the base of the food chain  ,  was ingesting these poison pills  . 
The record-holder  ,  only two-and-a-half inches long  ,  had 84 pieces in its tiny stomach  . 
But no fishmonger on Earth can sell you a certified organic wild-caught fish  . 
The throwaway society cannot be contained -- it has gone global  . 
We have to throw it away  . 
Straining the ocean for plastic would be beyond the budget of any country and it might kill untold amounts of sea life in the process  . 
Every day  ,  in a city the size of London  ,  30 million meals are served  .  But where does all the food come from ? Architect Carolyn Steel discusses the daily miracle of feeding a city  ,  and shows how ancient food routes shaped the modern world  . 
These are extraordinary landscapes  ,  but few of us ever get to see them  . 
As more of us move into cities  ,  more of us are eating meat  ,  so that a third of the annual grain crop globally now gets fed to animals rather than to us human animals  . 
It takes about 10 calories to produce every calorie of food that we consume in the West  . 
Half the food produced in the USA is currently thrown away  . 
A billion of us are obese  ,  while a further billion starve  . 
And more importantly  ,  what are we going to do about it ?
Because  ,  as you can see  ,  it was crescent shaped  . 
And it was here  ,  about 10 , 000 years ago  ,  that two extraordinary inventions  ,  agriculture and urbanism  ,  happened roughly in the same place and at the same time  . 
Because it was discovery of grain by our ancient ancestors for the first time that produced a food source that was large enough and stable enough to support permanent settlements  . 
So  ,  if you like  ,  the whole spiritual and physical life of these cities was dominated by the grain and the harvest that sustained them  . 
But of course not all of them were that small  . 
So how did a city like this feed itself ?
Basically  ,  Rome had access to the sea  ,  which made it possible for it to import food from a very long way away  . 
And the food obviously went off very quickly  . 
And  ,  in fact  ,  you could say that the expansion of the Empire was really sort of one long  ,  drawn out militarized shopping spree  ,  really  . 
So Rome shaped its hinterland through its appetite  . 
If we look at a map of London in the 17th century  ,  we can see that its grain  ,  which is coming in from the Thames  ,  along the bottom of this map  . 
And the roads leading up from them to Cheapside  ,  which was the main market  ,  were also grain markets  . 
And the same of course was true for fish  . 
Everybody else was wandering around with mobile phones that looked like bricks and sort of smelly fish happening down on the port  . 
Meat is a very different story because  ,  of course  ,  animals could walk into the city  . 
I feel a bit like a weather woman doing this  .  Anyway  ,  and so the birds were coming in with their feet protected with little canvas shoes  . 
And  ,  in fact  ,  if you look at the map of any city built before the industrial age  ,  you can trace food coming in to it  . 
Friday Street  ,  in a previous life  ,  is where you went to buy your fish on a Friday  . 
Because the streets and the public spaces were the only places where food was bought and sold  . 
In fact  ,  if you were having Sunday lunch  ,  the chances were it was mooing or bleating outside your window about three days earlier  . 
And then 10 years later everything changed  . 
And as you can see  ,  some of the earliest train passengers were pigs and sheep  . 
And this changes everything  . 
Cities used to be constrained by geography ; they used to have to get their food through very difficult physical means  . 
And as you can see from these maps of London  ,  in the 90 years after the trains came  ,  it goes from being a little blob that was quite easy to feed by animals coming in on foot  ,  and so on  ,  to a large splurge  ,  that would be very  ,  very difficult to feed with anybody on foot  ,  either animals or people  . 
Here we have food -- that used to be the center  ,  the social core of the city -- at the periphery  . 
And instead of valuing it  ,  we throw it away  . 
the ordering principle of his vision  . 
We live in a world shaped by food  ,  and if we realize that  ,  we can use food as a really powerful tool -- a conceptual tool  ,  design tool  ,  to shape the world differently  . 
Well I think it looks a bit like this  . 
But networks  ,  markets where food is being grown locally  . 
Cows with a view  . 
This is basically bringing the whole thing together  . 
But anyway  ,  these kinds of projects that are trying to reconnect us with nature is extremely important  . 
And I think the message of this is very clear  . 
And I want us to ask now  ,  what would Ambrogio Lorenzetti paint if he painted this image today ?
But if we take that idea  ,  we can use food as a really powerful tool to shape the world better  . 
Thank you very much  . 
a plastic laminate company  ,  which is the largest plastic laminate company in the world -- they asked me to design a trade show booth for exhibition at the International Contemporary Furniture Fair in New York  ,  in 2000  . 
I decided I had to do some research and really figure out what had gone wrong somewhere along the history of Airstream  . 
In that the shell was originally conceived as a lightweight  ,  modern  ,  futuristic  ,  high-tech pod for hurtling down the freeway  ,  and the interiors were completely out of sync with that  . 
That seemed really like a crisis to me  ,  that they had never been able to develop a vocabulary about escape  ,  and about travel  ,  and modernity in this trailer that was consistent with the shell  . 
We stripped out all the vinyl and zolatone paint that was covering up this just fantastic aluminum shell  . 
So that became a challenge  . 
What I came up with was a series of second skins that basically float over the aluminum shell  . 
They also gave us a way to run power and rewire the trailer without tearing out the skin  ,  so they function as an electrical chase  . 
That trailer led to another commission  ,  to participate in whats called Tokyo Designers Block  . 
Teruo Kurosaki  ,  who owns a furniture company called Idee  ,  he asked me to ship him two trailers to Tokyo  . 
This trailer housed two turntables  ,  mixer  ,  wet bar  ,  fridge  ,  integrated sound system  . 
And so in this trailer I took it upon myself to think about travel  ,  and escape  ,  in an idiosyncratic sense  . 
This brings us up to the time that I started consulting to Airstream  . 
The trailers themselves are actually hand-built  . 
Elliot Krane  :  The mystery of chronic pain
But about 10 percent of the time  ,  after the patient has recovered from one of those events  ,  pain persists  . 
And before I tell you about how it is that we think that happens and what we can do about it  ,  I want to show you how it feels for my patients  . 
A very different feeling  . 
Imagine  ,  if you will  ,  these two ideas together  . 
In fact  ,  imagine something even worse  . 
That was the experience of my patient  ,  Chandler  ,  whom you see in the photograph  . 
She was 16 years old last year when I met her  ,  and she aspired to be a professional dancer  . 
You can see that the arm is discolored  ,  purplish in color  . 
The muscles were frozen  ,  paralyzed -- dystonic is how we refer to that  . 
But the worst part was  ,  not the spontaneous pain that was there 24 hours a day  . 
The lightest touch of her arm -- the touch of a hand  ,  the touch even of a sleeve  ,  of a garment  ,  as she put it on -- caused excruciating  ,  burning pain  . 
How can the nervous system misinterpret an innocent sensation like the touch of a hand and turn it into the malevolent sensation of the touch of the flame ?
In your house  ,  wires run in the wall  ,  from the light switch to a junction box in the ceiling and from the junction box to the light bulb  . 
And when you turn the switch off  ,  the light goes off  . 
Instead of it being the case that that junction box in the spinal cord is just simple where one nerve connects with the next nerve by releasing these little brown packets of chemical information called neurotransmitters in a linear one-on-one fashion  ,  in fact  ,  what happens is the neurotransmitters spill out in three dimensions -- laterally  ,  vertically  ,  up and down in the spinal cord -- and they start interacting with other adjacent cells  . 
But it turns out the glial cells have a vital role in the modulation  ,  amplification and  ,  in the case of pain  ,  the distortion of sensory experiences  . 
Their DNA starts to synthesize new proteins  ,  which spill out and interact with adjacent nerves  ,  and they start releasing their neurotransmitters  ,  and those neurotransmitters spill out and activate adjacent glial cells  ,  and so on and so forth  ,  until what we have is a positive feedback loop  . 
The nervous system has plasticity  . 
Well  ,  what do we do about that ?
We treat these patients in a rather crude fashion at this point in time  . 
And we support all of that with an intensive psychotherapy program to address the despondency  ,  despair and depression that always accompanies severe  ,  chronic pain  . 
The future holds the promise that new drugs will be developed that are not symptom-modifying drugs that simply mask the problem  ,  as we have now  ,  but that will be disease-modifying drugs that will actually go right to the root of the problem and attack those glial cells  ,  or those pernicious proteins that the glial cells elaborate  ,  that spill over and cause this central nervous system wind-up  ,  or plasticity  ,  that so is capable of distorting and amplifying the sensory experience that we call pain  . 
Thank you very much  . 
This is a polio vaccine  . 
This is a great technology  . 
People were terrified of this disease  . 
And it was because of scenes like this  . 
These are people who were perfectly healthy two or three days before  ,  and then two days later  ,  they can no longer breathe  ,  and this polio virus has paralyzed not only their arms and their legs  ,  but also their breathing muscles  . 
This disease was terrifying  . 
The disease was so terrifying that the president of the United States launched an extraordinary national effort to find a way to stop it  . 
It was hailed as a scientific miracle in the late 1950s  . 
As you can see  ,  the virus stopped  ,  and it stopped very  ,  very fast  . 
We made this map for Jon to try to show him exactly where polio still exists  . 
Hundreds of people died -- children as well as adults  . 
They had come from thousands of miles away  . 
And not only that  ,  but when they came into these countries  ,  then they got on commercial jetliners probably and they traveled even farther to other places like Russia  ,  where  ,  for the first time in over a decade last year  ,  children were crippled and paralyzed by a disease that they had not seen for years  . 
But the message was very clear  . 
So I want to tell you a little bit about what this partnership  ,  the Polio Partnership  ,  is trying to do  . 
We want a world in which every child  ,  just like you guys  ,  can take for granted a polio-free world  . 
This is one of the very few viruses in the world where there are big enough cracks in its armor that we can try to do something truly extraordinary  . 
What the polio eradication program is trying to do is to kill the virus itself that causes polio everywhere on Earth  . 
And if we can finish polio eradication  ,  the poorest countries in the world are going to save over 50 billion dollars in the next 25 years alone  . 
But smallpox eradication was hard ; it was very  ,  very hard  . 
The first is that  ,  when we started trying to eradicate polio about 20 years ago  ,  more than twice as many countries were infected than had been when we started off with smallpox  . 
So it was a massive effort  . 
But the third challenge we have -- and probably even bigger one  ,  the biggest challenge -- is that  ,  in contrast to smallpox where you could always see your enemy -- every single person almost who was infected with smallpox had this telltale rash  . 
Now giving the polio vaccine is simple  . 
But reaching 500 million people is much  ,  much tougher  . 
One reporter who was watching our program in Somalia about five years ago -- a place which has eradicated polio  ,  not once  ,  but twice  ,  because they got reinfected  . 
And these heroes  ,  they come from every walk of life  ,  all sorts of backgrounds  . 
This is a group whose million-strong army of volunteers have been working to eradicate polio for over 20 years  . 
Now it took years to build up the infrastructure for polio eradication -- more than 15 years  ,  much longer than it should have -- but once it was built  ,  the results were striking  . 
Last year  ,  it was 1 , 000  . 
But the most exciting thing that the polio eradication program has been doing has been to force us  ,  the international community  ,  to reach every single child  ,  every single community  ,  the most vulnerable people in the world  ,  with the most basic of health services  ,  irrespective of geography  ,  poverty  ,  culture and even conflict  . 
And then  ,  in one of the most important  ,  tenacious and toughest reservoirs of the polio virus in the world  ,  we found that our vaccine was working half as well as it should have  . 
We should abandon this idea of eradication  . 
Umar also has polio  . 
His right leg was paralyzed in 2004  . 
He got 100 percent in all the important things  ,  like nursery rhymes  ,  for example there  . 
Umar is an exceptional kid in exceptional circumstances  . 
Polio strikes the poorest communities in the world  . 
We think children deserve better  . 
And this started an incredible collaboration with industry  ,  and within six months  ,  we were testing a new polio vaccine that targeted  ,  just two years ago  ,  the last two types of polio in the world  . 
The new vaccine had twice the impact on these last couple of viruses as the old vaccine had  ,  and we immediately started using this  . 
And it started rolling off the production lines and into the mouths of children around the world  . 
Now remember  ,  northern India is the perfect storm when it comes to polio  . 
Sanitation is terrible  ,  and our old vaccine  ,  you remember  ,  worked half as well as it should have  . 
Today marks exactly six months -- and for the first time in history  ,  not a single child has been paralyzed in Uttar Pradesh or Bihar  . 
Ladies and gentlemen  ,  with a combination of smart people  ,  smart technology and smart investments  ,  polio can now be eradicated anywhere  . 
But capitalizing on their enthusiasm  ,  capitalizing on their energy means finishing the job that they started 20 years ago  . 
Finishing polio eradication is the right thing to do  . 
We have a new vaccine  ,  we have new resolve  ,  and we have new tactics  . 
But if we blink now  ,  we will lose forever the chance to eradicate an ancient disease  . 
Help us tell the story  . 
Thank you  . 
Where would you say we need to be the smartest ?
It keeps getting reinfected  . 
Give us a sense of how much the campaign costs a year  . 
We spend right now about 750 million to 800 million dollars a year  . 
It sounds like a lot of money ; it is a lot of money  . 
And that great buy costs us a little bit more  . 
Frank Warren  :  Half a million secrets
Hi  ,  my name is Frank  ,  and I collect secrets  . 
I printed up 3 , 000 self-addressed postcards  ,  just like this  . 
But soon the idea began spreading virally  . 
I started receiving secrets in my home mailbox  ,  not just with postmarks from Washington  ,  D . C .   ,  but from Texas  ,  California  ,  Vancouver  ,  New Zealand  ,  Iraq  . 
PostSecret . com is the most visited advertisement-free blog in the world  . 
You can see my wife struggling to stack a brick of postcards on a pyramid of over a half-million secrets  . 
Secrets can take many forms  . 
This one obviously was made out of half a Starbucks cup with a stamp and my home address written on the other side  . 
This next one takes a little explanation before I share it with you  . 
And I should also mention that  ,  just like today  ,  at that PostSecret event  ,  I was using a wireless microphone  . 
And so when I discovered that you had posted my surprise proposal to my girlfriend at the very bottom  ,  I was beside myself  . 
But she finally did  . 
And when she saw him  ,  he was down on one knee  ,  he had the ring out  . 
This picture never got returned back to the people who lost it  ,  but this secret has impacted many lives  ,  starting with a student up in Canada named Matty  . 
Matty has found this ingenious way to leverage the kindness of strangers  . 
Matty shared with me an emotional email he received from the mother in that picture  . 
The other pictures are of my very ill grandmother  . 
These pictures mean more to me than you know  . 
This is the last postcard I have to share with you today  . 
One young girl posted the last message she ever heard from her grandmother  . 
They can be shocking or silly or soulful  . 
Voicemail recording  :  First saved voice message  . 
Have a real happy birthday  ,  and I love you  . 
Thank you  . 
Frank  ,  that was beautiful  ,  so touching  . 
Have you ever sent in a secret to PostSecret ?
And has anyone ever discovered which secret was yours in the book ?
Sometimes I share that information  ,  yeah  . 
Growing up as a boy  ,  we were taught that men had to be tough  ,  had to be strong  ,  had to be courageous  ,  dominating -- no pain  ,  no emotions  ,  with the exception of anger -- and definitely no fear ; that men are in charge  ,  which means women are not ; that men lead  ,  and you should just follow and do what we say ; that men are superior ; women are inferior ; that men are strong ; women are weak ; that women are of less value  ,  property of men  ,  and objects  ,  particularly sexual objects  . 
See this man box has in it all the ingredients of how we define what it means to be a man  . 
Hold your head up  .  Look at me  . 
I think back to my father  . 
My brother  ,  Henry  ,  he died tragically when we were teenagers  . 
We lived in the Bronx at the time  ,  and the burial was in a place called Long Island  ,  it was about two hours outside of the city  . 
And the limousine empties out  . 
The thing that sticks with me the most is that he was apologizing to me for crying in front of me  ,  and at the same time  ,  he was also giving me props  ,  lifting me up  ,  for not crying  . 
It took me back to a time when I was about 12 years old  . 
And he was hanging out with all us younger guys  . 
He was a troubled kid  . 
He was being raised by his grandmother  . 
His grandmother had two jobs  . 
We all looked up to him  . 
So I run right upstairs  . 
Now I immediately knew what he meant  . 
Now my box  ,  my card  ,  my man box card  ,  was immediately in jeopardy  . 
Women are objects  ,  especially sexual objects  . 
I go in his room  .  On his bed is a girl from the neighborhood named Sheila  . 
We had a whole choice of inappropriate names for her  . 
Well actually  ,  he raped her  ,  but he would say he had sex with her  . 
So he was offering me the opportunity to do the same  . 
But I knew I felt bad about what was happening  . 
It was way more important to me  ,  about me and my man box card than about Sheila and what was happening to her  . 
We see that as an equation that equals violence against women  . 
I need you on board  .  I need you with me  . 
Thank you folks  . 
Four-star general Stanley McChrystal shares what he learned about leadership over his decades in the military  .  How can you build a sense of shared purpose among people of many ages and skill sets ? By listening and learning -- and addressing the possibility of failure  . 
You do some routine refresher training  ,  and then you go to put on your parachute and a buddy helps you  . 
Then you sit down  ,  and you wait a little while  ,  because this is the Army  . 
And you wait a little bit longer  ,  because this is the Air Force teaching the Army how to wait  . 
You sit there  ,  OK  . 
And then you hook up  ,  and you hook up your static line  . 
You go through some additional checks  ,  and then they open the door  . 
So nice air comes flowing in  . 
Jump is a misnomer ; you fall  . 
The first thing you do is lock into a tight body position -- head down in your chest  ,  your arms extended  ,  put over your reserve parachute  . 
You are going to hit the ground  . 
In 30-some years of jumping  ,  I never did one  . 
And I realized that  ,  if they had to go into combat  ,  they would do what we had taught them and they would follow leaders  . 
And I was hooked again on the importance of what I did  . 
And when we took off from the airfield  ,  America was at peace  . 
And what we thought about the possibility of those young soldiers going into combat as being theoretical was now very  ,  very real -- and leadership seemed important  . 
And I also was raised with personal examples of leadership  . 
But in my first 25 years of career  ,  I had a bunch of different experiences  . 
And we did an operation  ,  and my company did a dawn attack -- you know  ,  the classic dawn attack  :  you prepare all night  ,  move to the line of departure  . 
We move forward  ,  and we get wiped out -- I mean  ,  wiped out immediately  . 
And I saw my battalion commander  ,  because I had let him down  . 
And in one sentence  ,  he lifted me  ,  put me back on my feet  ,  and taught me that leaders can let you fail and yet not let you be a failure  . 
More importantly  ,  the force that I led was spread over more than 20 countries  . 
I have to have trust in them and vice versa  . 
It was sensitive  ,  we had to go up the chain of command  ,  convince them that this was the right thing to do and do all of this on electronic medium  . 
Entirely new requirement  . 
You probably think that the force that I led was all steely-eyed commandos with big knuckle fists carrying exotic weapons  . 
It was men  ,  women  ,  young  ,  old -- not just from military ; from different organizations  ,  many of them detailed to us just from a handshake  . 
Probably the biggest change was understanding that the generational difference  ,  the ages  ,  had changed so much  . 
We talked about the operation  ,  and then at the end I did what I often do with a force like that  . 
And yet  ,  we need to have that shared sense  . 
And it forced me to become a lot more transparent  ,  a lot more willing to listen  ,  a lot more willing to be reverse-mentored from lower  . 
Then another thing  . 
I stood in front of a screen one night in Iraq with one of my senior officers and we watched a firefight from one of our forces  . 
I probably learned the most about relationships  . 
I grew up much of my career in the Ranger regiment  . 
And every Ranger gets that same promise from every other Ranger  . 
And so the organizational relationship that bonds them is just amazing  . 
Thank you  . 
It makes me to stand here  ,  the fame  ,  the money I got out of it  . 
What you did in the early marriage days  ,  you tried to impress your wife  .  I did the same  . 
Then  ,  being her husband  ,  I ran behind her and saw she had a nasty rag cloth  . 
Then I understood this -- adapting that unhygienic method to manage her period days  . 
I went to a local shop  ,  I tried to buy her a sanitary pad packet  . 
The very first time  ,  at the age of 29  ,  that day I am touching the sanitary pad  ,  first ever  . 
Why not make a local sanitary pad for my new wife ?
Then other victims  ,  they got into my sisters  . 
Then I used  ,  tried to use the medical college girls  . 
Now I am having a title like the first man to set foot on the moon  . 
You need first funds  . 
Why is this ? I used medical college girls  . 
Finally  ,  I came to know it is a special cellulose derived from a pinewood  ,  but even after that  ,  you need a multimillion-dollar plant like this to process that material  .  Again  ,  a stop-up  . 
In this machine  ,  any rural woman can apply the same raw materials that they are processing in the multinational plant  ,  anyone can make a world-class napkin at your dining hall  . 
So after that  ,  what I did  ,  usually if anyone got a patent or an invention  ,  immediately you want to make  ,  convert into this  . 
A lot of people making a lot of money  ,  billion  ,  billions of dollars accumulating  . 
Why the need for accumulating money  ,  then doing philanthropy ?
So far  ,  630 installations happened in 23 states in six other countries  . 
Play video one  . 
AM  :  And previously  ,  you need a multimillion investment for machine and all  .  Now  ,  any rural woman can  . 
Like that  ,  I never chased Mahalakshmi  . 
So I classify the people into three  :  uneducated  ,  little educated  ,  surplus educated  . 
Thank you very much  .  Bye !
In keeping with the theme of TED2008  ,  professor Stephen Hawking asks some Big Questions about our universe -- How did the universe begin ? How did life begin ? Are we alone ? -- and discusses how we might go about answering them  . 
The questions I would like to talk about are  :  one  ,  where did we come from ?
Are we alone in the universe ?
What is the future of the human race ?
Then it was discovered that the universe was expanding  . 
This meant they must have been closer together in the past  . 
This was the Big Bang  ,  the beginning of the universe  . 
If not  ,  what created the universe ?
We used to think that the theory of the universe could be divided into two parts  . 
And second  ,  there was no question of the initial state of the universe  . 
But until recently  ,  we have had little idea about the initial conditions for the universe  . 
Under extreme conditions  ,  general relativity and quantum theory allow time to behave like another dimension of space  . 
The universe can spontaneously create itself out of nothing  . 
These predictions are in excellent agreement with observations by the WMAP satellite of the cosmic microwave background  ,  which is an imprint of the very early universe  . 
Maybe we should patent the universe and charge everyone royalties for their existence  . 
We believe that life arose spontaneously on the Earth  ,  so it must be possible for life to appear on other suitable planets  ,  of which there seem to be a large number in the galaxy  . 
We have two pieces of observational evidence on the probability of life appearing  . 
The Earth was formed 4 . 6 billion years ago and was probably too hot for about the first half billion years  . 
This suggests that a probability of life appearing is reasonably high  . 
Why would they appear only to cranks and weirdoes ?
Issuing an insurance policy against abduction by aliens seems a pretty safe bet  . 
If we are the only intelligent beings in the galaxy  ,  we should make sure we survive and continue  . 
Our population and our use of the finite resources of planet Earth are growing exponentially  ,  along with our technical ability to change the environment for good or ill  . 
It will be difficult enough to avoid disaster in the next hundred years  ,  let alone the next thousand or million  . 
The answers to these big questions show that we have made remarkable progress in the last hundred years  . 
That is why I am in favor of manned -- or should I say  ,  personed -- space flight  . 
The ultimate goal is a complete theory of the universe  ,  and we are making good progress  . 
Professor  ,  if you had to guess either way  ,  do you now believe that it is more likely than not that we are alone in the Milky Way  ,  as a civilization of our level of intelligence or higher ?
Stephen Hawking  :  I think it quite likely that we are the only civilization within several hundred light years ; otherwise we would have heard radio waves  . 
Professor Hawking  ,  thank you for that answer  . 
Professor  ,  we really thank you for the extraordinary effort you made to share your questions with us today  . 
Amanda Bennett  :  We need a heroic narrative for death
So I went to a party  . 
What a gift it was to the eager  ,  young foreign correspondent that I was then  . 
I talk to him for hours  . 
He was the China representative for the American Soybean Association  . 
And what an alive man Terence Bryan Foley turned out to be  . 
He spoke six languages  ,  he played 15 musical instruments  ,  he was a licensed pilot  ,  he had once been a San Francisco cable car operator  ,  he was an expert in swine nutrition  ,  dairy cattle  ,  Dixieland jazz  ,  film noir  ,  and we did travel the country  ,  and the world  ,  and we did have a lot of kids  . 
The surgeon emerged from the surgery  . 
Then there was a setback when the pathologists looked at the kidney cancer closely  . 
And yet  ,  he did not die  . 
He coached Little League for our son  . 
So a year goes by before the cancer  ,  as cancers do  ,  reappears  ,  and with it comes another death sentence  ,  this time nine months  . 
It makes him so sick  ,  he has to quit it  ,  yet still he lives on  . 
Two years go by  . 
We take the kids to Italy  . 
And then more years pass  ,  and the cancer begins to grow  . 
So he enters a clinical trial  ,  and it works  . 
So we fought  ,  we struggled  ,  we triumphed  . 
We fought together  ,  we lived together  . 
It was also an expensive fight  . 
We never thought it was the end  . 
So what do we make of all of this ?
I wrote it because I wanted to know why I did what I did  ,  why he did what he did  ,  why everyone around us did what they did  . 
Well  ,  one of the things I discovered is that experts think that one answer to what I did at the end was a piece of paper  ,  the advance directive  ,  to help families get past the seemingly irrational choices  . 
We both did  . 
I had them right at hand  . 
Even with that clear-cut paper in our hands  ,  we just kept redefining hope  . 
Right up until days before his death  ,  I felt strongly and powerfully  ,  and  ,  you might say  ,  irrationally  ,  that I could keep him from dying ever  . 
How can they insist on this treatment at the end ?
You want to do  . 
I saw it firsthand  . 
Days before he died  . 
So we need to think more constructively about this very common  ,  very profound and very powerful human emotion  . 
So Terence told me a story on that long-ago night  ,  and I believed it  . 
So what do we need ?
Maybe we need a new story  ,  not a story about giving up the fight or of hopelessness  ,  but rather a story of victory and triumph  ,  of a valiant battle and  ,  eventually  ,  a graceful retreat  ,  a story that acknowledges that not even the greatest general defeats every foe  ,  that no doctor has ever succeeded in making anyone immortal  ,  and that no wife  ,  no matter how hard she tried  ,  has ever stopped even the bravest  ,  wittiest and most maddeningly lovable husband from dying when it was his time to go  . 
And the poet tells him what to do  . 
Thank you  . 
Biologist Juliana Machado Ferreira  ,  a TED Senior Fellow  ,  talks about her work helping to save birds and other animals stolen from the wild in Brazil  .  Once these animals are seized from smugglers  ,  she asks  ,  then what ?
It is estimated that all kinds of illegal wildlife trade in Brazil withdraw from nature almost 38 million animals every year  ,  a business worth almost two billion dollars  . 
Because we have to figure out what to do with all these animals  . 
In 2002  ,  these centers received 45 , 000 animals  ,  of which 37 , 000 were birds  . 
Some lucky ones -- and among them  ,  Brad -- go to serious rehabilitation centers after that  . 
They train their flying  ,  they learn how to recognize the food they will find in nature  ,  and they are able to socialize with others from the same species  . 
They also claim that we spend too many resources in their rehabilitation  . 
However  ,  this would mean having killed 26 , 267 birds  ,  only in the state of São Paulo  ,  only in 2006  . 
We think that if and when the animals meet certain criteria concerning their health  ,  behavior  ,  inferred origin and whatever we know about the natural populations  ,  then technically responsible releases are possible  ,  both for the well-being of the individual  ,  and for the conservation of the species and their ecosystems  ,  because we will be returning genes for these populations -- which could be important for them in facing environmental challenges -- and also we could be returning potential seed dispersers  ,  predators  ,  preys  ,  etc  . 
On the top  ,  the turtles are just enjoying freedom  . 
And on the bottom  ,  my personal favorite  ,  the little male over there  ,  four hours after his release he was together with a wild female  . 
However this is still a minority for the very lack of knowledge  . 
We need to act  ,  and act now  ,  before these ones are the only ones left  . 
Shawn Achor  :  The happy secret to better work
When I was seven years old and my sister was just five years old  ,  we were playing on top of a bunk bed  . 
So we were up on top of our bunk beds  . 
Somehow  ,  without any help or push from her older brother at all  ,  suddenly Amy disappeared off of the top of the bunk bed and landed with this crash on the floor  . 
I was nervous because my parents had charged me with making sure that my sister and I played as safely and as quietly as possible  . 
So I did the only thing my little frantic seven year-old brain could think to do to avert this tragedy  . 
No human lands on all fours like that  . 
Now that was cheating  ,  because there was nothing in the world my sister would want more than not to be Amy the hurt five year-old little sister  ,  but Amy the special unicorn  . 
And you could see how my poor  ,  manipulated sister faced conflict  ,  as her little brain attempted to devote resources to feeling the pain and suffering and surprise she just experienced  ,  or contemplating her new-found identity as a unicorn  . 
Instead of crying  ,  instead of ceasing our play  ,  instead of waking my parents  ,  with all the negative consequences that would have ensued for me  ,  instead a smile spread across her face and she scrambled right back up onto the bunk bed with all the grace of a baby unicorn  .  .  . 
What we stumbled across at this tender age of just five and seven -- we had no idea at the time -- was something that was going be at the vanguard of a scientific revolution occurring two decades later in the way that we look at the human brain  . 
When I first started talking about this research outside of academia  ,  out with companies and schools  ,  the very first thing they said to never do is to start your talk with a graph  . 
This graph looks boring  ,  but this graph is the reason I get excited and wake up every morning  . 
How do we eliminate the outliers so we can find the line of best fit ?
And what I posit and what positive psychology posits is that if we study what is merely average  ,  we will remain merely average  . 
Why is it that some of you are so high above the curve in terms of your intellectual ability  ,  athletic ability  ,  musical ability  ,  creativity  ,  energy levels  ,  your resiliency in the face of challenge  ,  your sense of humor ?
Because maybe we can glean information -- not just how to move people up to the average  ,  but how we can move the entire average up in our companies and schools worldwide  . 
Bobo married Amy the unicorn  . 
Which  ,  even at Yale  ,  is extraordinarily rare  . 
When I applied to Harvard  ,  I applied on a dare  . 
When I got a military scholarship two weeks later  ,  they allowed me to go  . 
And what I found in my research and my teaching is that these students  ,  no matter how happy they were with their original success of getting into the school  ,  two weeks later their brains were focused  ,  not on the privilege of being there  ,  nor on their philosophy or their physics  . 
When I first went in there  ,  I walked into the freshmen dining hall  ,  which is where my friends from Waco  ,  Texas  ,  which is where I grew up -- I know some of you have heard of it  . 
Because what that question assumes is that our external world is predictive of our happiness levels  ,  when in reality  ,  if I know everything about your external world  ,  I can only predict 10 percent of your long-term happiness  . 
And if we change it  ,  if we change our formula for happiness and success  ,  what we can do is change the way that we can then affect reality  . 
75 percent of job successes are predicted by your optimism levels  ,  your social support and your ability to see stress as a challenge instead of as a threat  . 
Thursday night is elicit drug use  . 
Silence on the phone  . 
That undergirds most of our parenting styles  ,  our managing styles  ,  the way that we motivate our behavior  . 
First  ,  every time your brain has a success  ,  you just changed the goalpost of what success looked like  . 
And if happiness is on the opposite side of success  ,  your brain never gets there  . 
Which means we can reverse the formula  . 
What we need to be able to do is to reverse this formula so we can start to see what our brains are actually capable of  . 
Not only does it make you happier  ,  it turns on all of the learning centers in your brain allowing you to adapt to the world in a different way  . 
In just a two-minute span of time done for 21 days in a row  ,  we can actually rewire your brain  ,  allowing your brain to actually work more optimistically and more successfully  . 
And at the end of that  ,  their brain starts to retain a pattern of scanning the world  ,  not for the negative  ,  but for the positive first  . 
Exercise teaches your brain that your behavior matters  . 
And finally  ,  random acts of kindness are conscious acts of kindness  . 
Dan Ariely  :  What makes us feel good about our work ?
I want to talk a little bit today about labor and work  . 
This is why we give bonuses to bankers and pay in all kinds of ways  . 
If you read books of people who climb mountains  ,  difficult mountains  ,  do you think that those books are full of moments of joy and happiness ?
But instead  ,  people go down  ,  and after they recover  ,  they go up again  . 
It suggests that we care about reaching the end  ,  a peak  . 
This was a student that was one of my students a few years earlier  . 
And he told me the following story  :  He said that for more than two weeks  ,  he was working on a PowerPoint presentation  . 
This was in preparation for a merger and acquisition  . 
He stayed late at night every day  . 
And the guy was deeply depressed  . 
Every night he was enjoying his work  ,  he was staying late  ,  he was perfecting this PowerPoint presentation  . 
So I started thinking about how do we experiment with this idea of the fruits of our labor  . 
And people said yes  ,  and they built with these Legos  . 
If they said yes  ,  we gave them another one  . 
This was what we called the meaningful condition  . 
After they finished every one of them  ,  we put them under the table  . 
There was another condition  . 
And this other condition we called the Sisyphic condition  . 
And you can think about this as the essence of doing futile work  . 
Also  ,  if you look at prison movies  ,  sometimes the way that the guards torture the prisoners is to get them to dig a hole and when the prisoner is finished  ,  they ask him to fill the hole back up and then dig again  . 
And if they said yes  ,  they built it  . 
And if they said yes  ,  we gave them a new one  ,  and as they were building it  ,  we took apart the one that they just finished  . 
And if they said yes  ,  we gave them the one that they built and we broke  . 
Now what happens when you compare these two conditions ?
And by the way  ,  we should point out that this was not a big meaning  . 
People were building Bionicles for a few cents  . 
So there was not a real opportunity for big meaning  . 
Now we had another version of this experiment  . 
What happened ?
People who were just given the description of the experiment said that in the meaningful condition people would probably build one more Bionicle  . 
There was one other piece of data we looked at  . 
And you would speculate that the people who love Legos will build more Legos  ,  even for less money  ,  because after all  ,  they get more internal joy from it  . 
What happened in the Sisyphic condition ?
Soon after I finished running this experiment  ,  I went to talk to a big software company in Seattle  . 
And this was a group within this software company that was put in a different building  . 
And the week before I showed up  ,  the CEO of this big software company went to that group  ,  200 engineers  ,  and canceled the project  . 
And I described to them some of these Lego experiments  ,  and they said they felt like they had just been through that experiment  . 
And everybody raised their hand  . 
And everybody raised their hand  . 
And they came up with all kinds of ideas  . 
He could have asked them to think about which aspect of their technology could fit with other parts of the organization  . 
But the thing is that any one of those would require some effort and motivation  . 
We took a sheet of paper with random letters  ,  and we asked people to find pairs of letters that were identical next to each other  . 
And people did the first sheet  . 
And we had three conditions  . 
The experimenter looked at it  ,  took the sheet of paper  ,  did not look at it  ,  did not scan it  ,  and simply put it on the pile of pages  . 
And in the third condition  ,  the experimenter got the sheet of paper and directly put it into a shredder  . 
In the acknowledged condition  ,  people worked all the way down to 15 cents  . 
In the shredder condition  ,  it was twice as much -- 30 cents per sheet  . 
They could have done not so good work  ,  because they realized that people were just shredding it  . 
So in fact  ,  in the shredder condition  ,  people could have submitted more work and gotten more money and put less effort into it  . 
Would the ignored condition be more like the acknowledged or more like the shredder  ,  or somewhere in the middle ?
Ignoring gets you a whole way out there  . 
So this is all in terms of negative motivation or eliminating negative motivation  . 
So there is a store in the U . S .  called IKEA  . 
But when I finish it  ,  I seem to like those IKEA pieces of furniture more than I like other ones  . 
People did not want them  . 
Maybe the taste was not good  . 
What they figured out was that there was not enough effort involved  . 
They took the eggs and the milk out of the powder  . 
You had to measure the milk and add it  ,  mixing it  . 
We asked people to build some origami  . 
And these were all novices  ,  and they built something that was really quite ugly -- nothing like a frog or a crane  . 
And we measured how much they were willing to pay for it  . 
We had the people who built it  ,  and we had the people who did not build it and just looked at it as external observers  . 
Which one of those two is correct ?
They thought everybody else would love it more as well  . 
We tried to make it more difficult  . 
For some people we made it harder by hiding the instructions  . 
For some people we just eliminated that  . 
Well in an objective way  ,  the origami now was uglier  ,  it was more difficult  . 
When you looked at the hard instructions  ,  the effect was larger  . 
They put all this extra effort into it  . 
Because in reality it was even uglier than the first version  . 
Now think about kids  . 
Your memories and associations and so on  . 
But imagine this was slightly different  . 
And you played with them for a few hours  . 
How much would you pay for them now ?
And this is because our kids are so valuable  ,  not just because of who they are  ,  but because of us  ,  because they are so connected to us and because of the time and connection  . 
Those are really tough  . 
If you think about Adam Smith versus Karl Marx  ,  Adam Smith had the very important notion of efficiency  . 
He said pins have 12 different steps  ,  and if one person does all 12 steps  ,  production is very low  . 
And indeed  ,  this is a great example and the reason for the Industrial Revolution and efficiency  . 
And if you make all 12 steps  ,  you care about the pin  . 
Is efficiency still more important than meaning ?
I think that as we move to situations in which people have to decide on their own about how much effort  ,  attention  ,  caring  ,  how connected they feel to it  ,  are they thinking about labor on the way to work and in the shower and so on  ,  all of a sudden Marx has more things to say to us  . 
And the good news is that if we added all of those components and thought about them  ,  how do we create our own meaning  ,  pride  ,  motivation  ,  and how do we do it in our workplace and for the employees  ,  I think we could get people to both be more productive and happier  . 
Amy Lockwood  :  Selling condoms in the Congo