
south korea :  students faces school violence epidemic
pins hidden in her shoes ,  head forced down a toilet ,  kicked in her belly ,  a native 26-year-old hairdresser told her stories during school years of suffering a litany of violence from school bullies in south korea . 
the country is experiencing a phenomenon sweeping known as  " hakpok #metoo "  ,  where those who were bullied publicly name and condemn the perpetrators’ school violence acts  ( also known as  " hakpok "  in korean )  decades after the alleged crimes . 
when she was at school ,  the girl said she suffered alone while teachers asked her  " to be friendlier "  to her bullies .  because of this ,  the abuse went unchecked for a long time ,  eventually forcing her to quit school and ended her dreams of higher education and then was forced to head for vocational training . 
she said the only thing she wished for by that time was that someone could help her but no one came to her aid .  eventually ,  she tried to escape and struggle to survive on her own . 
south korea runs an obsessing education ,  where students can spend up to 16 hours a day at schools and in private academies ,  according to experts .  therefore ,  bullying is widespread despite officials have made efforts to stamp it out . 
the hairdresser said she experienced insomnia and depression for years ,  before her decision to stop hiding and go public with her accusations .  her action is partly successful when one of her bullies was fired from their job because of his abuse act . 
after the big success of netflix's  " the glory "  by the director ahn gil-ho ,  he faced an ironic situation that is that he was himself accused of teenage bullying and forced to apologise . 
even the country's presidential office was recently forced to withdraw the appointment of a candidate for the position of police chief after it emerged his son had bullied classmates ,  sparking a public backlash . 
the abuse is endemic in south korean schools ,  according to noh yoon-ho ,  a seoul-based attorney ,  according to an expert in bullying cases ,  causing a  " collective trauma "  the government needs to process . 
the  " hakpok #metoo "  has been helping many victims to shed the shame of their bad experiences in school ,  the 26-year-old girl added . 
coronavirus patient’s parents donate over vnd6 billion for coronavirus fight
businessman johnathan hanh nguyen and his wife ,  le hong thuy tien ,  parents of tien nguyen ,  the 32nd coronavirus case in vietnam ,  have donated vnd6 . 237 billion  ( nearly us$265 , 000 )  to help fight the fast-spreading coronavirus . 
talking to tuoi tre online ,  a representative of imex pan pacific group ,  which is owned by nguyen ,  noted that the money will be used to buy nine negative pressure machines for quarantine rooms in hcmc . 
the representative remarked that further information on the donation has not been published because the corporation has many other charitable plans besides this donation and is waiting for tien nguyen’s recovery . 
tien nguyen tested positive for coronavirus on march 9 after returning to vietnam from london on a private jet .  she has been quarantined at hcmc hospital for tropical diseases since then ,  and this morning ,  march 18 ,  she received her first negative test result . 
tien manages a charitable fund under her parents’ corporation .  she is the younger sister of louis nguyen ,  husband of model and actress tang thanh ha . 